Why is it that some
golfers swing smooth after 50...

While others swing stiff?

Hi, I'm Dr. Troy Van Biezen...

I've worked with players like
Tiger Woods...

Scottie Scheffler since he was 14 years old...

And over 50,000 recreational players
at my performance clinic in
Dallas, Texas...

And time and time again...

Regardless of whether I'm working with  a touring pro or an aging recreational golfer...

I've seen ONE thing
separate those who play consistently well...

Versus those who don't...

How smooth your swing is...

Because, fact is,  it makes no difference if one day you can flush it and
shoot your age...

If the next day you
feel like you've forgotten how to hit a golf ball...

And have no idea why...

Surprisingly, the key to a
consistently smooth swing is NOT your coordination...

It's NOT your mechanics...

And it's NOT
how much you practice...

It's something  most golfers overlook...

Something that took me years of working with thousands of golfers  to truly appreciate...

It's your flexibility...

But as you'll see in
just a moment...

We're going to talk about
something you've probably NEVER heard about flexibility before...

Because what most players don't know...

And what I'm about to
show you...

Is undeniable proof that your flexibility loss is NOT
just caused by natural  wear and tear...

You're NOT losing flexibility just because you're  "getting older"...

And flexibility is NOT
something you're born with or without...

In fact, I've discovered that
flexibility loss in golfers...

The kind that steals your swing...

Kills your distance...

And destroys your consistency...

Is caused by something much deeper...

Something hidden inside your body most doctors never talk about…

Something you won't uncover with a quick Google or ChatGPT search either...

A silent but serious problem that affects YOU and every single golfer at some point...

Called stuck joints

Which is a  systematic breakdown...

Caused by a problematic protein that builds up  in your joints starting around age 45...

And literally  glues your swing stiff from the inside out...

Which is why every year
you lose 2 to 3 degrees of rotation...

Your backswing gets shorter and tighter...

Your contact suffers on simple shots...

And your consistency starts to deteriorate with little to no reason why...

And you can't
fix stuck joints with lessons...

You can't stretch it away...

And you definitely can't
buy your way out of
it with new technology or
better equipment...

But thanks to a simple
5-minute daily routine
I'm about to show you...

You CAN unlock stuck joints...

Restore your  lost flexibility...

And bring back the  smooth, consistent swing you had inyour prime...

Because fact is, if you've
ever heard a joint "POP",
crack, or grind...

There's a near-certain chance you've
got stuck joints...

It's the invisible force silently
sabotaging your swing...

Triggering a chain reaction that locks down your flexibility...

Slows your rotation...

And robs you of the
effortless power you once had...

Maybe worst of all?

This breakdown happens slowly inside your body...

Without you even  realizing it...

And then, when you least expect it...

Stuck joints take over your
swing — all at once...

You can see it when
your distance drops off  the tee...

When your clubhead speed starts plummeting up to  5 miles per hour each year
after 60...

Or when your mis-hits and
fat shots give you that
dull, heavy vibration...

Running up your hands, through your elbows, and into your shoulders...

A reminder your body just
doesn't move like it used to...

On the course, you start
steering shots...

And your inconsistency drives you nuts...

Off the course, even
getting out of bed in the
morning feels more difficult than it used to...

Stairs seem steeper...

And you start feeling older
than you are...

But it doesn't have to
be that way...

Not for YOU...

Not any more...

Because this safe, simple daily routine has proven to support healthy joints...

And help you  unlock your
natural, smooth consistent swing...

In as little as  5 minutes a day...

And no — I'm not
going to tell you to
pop another painkiller just to mask the aches...

I'm not giving you a
stretching or yoga routine you'll do for a few weeks
and then likely give up...

I'm not recommending another joint supplement with glucosamine, chondroitin, MSM...

Or whatever the latest miracle pill claims to be...

And I'm definitely  not advising you to  buy some expensive biohacking gadget...

Or extreme treatment just to avoid injections or joint replacement surgery...

Because none of those actually fix the problem...

They just cover it up...

Because as a doctor,  and a golfer...

I've spent my entire career
obsessed with getting  to the ROOT CAUSE  of a problem...

And for years, in my
clinic and on Tour...

I started noticing this pattern in golfers swinging stiff and restricted...

Instead of smooth and free...

No matter how perfect their mechanics were...

No matter how "in-shape" or
strong their bodies looked...

No matter how "healthy" their charts said they were...

This stuck joints syndrome
kept popping up...

At first, it stops your
hips from rotating as much
as they used to...

Then it limits your shoulders
from making a full turn...

And finally, this invisible biological breakdown deep inside your joints...

Slams on the brakes in your swing...

Robbing you of the speed,
rhythm, and tempo you need...

To generate a consistent  on-plane swing…

Seeing this happen over and
over with my golfers...

Led to a decades-long obsession to figure out exactly what is silently happening inside  your joints...

And what I discovered is
an absolute game-changer
for golfers of ALL levels
and ages...

Because when we  address the real root  cause of stuck joints...

You supercharge your flexibility so you move like you're supposed to...

Your rotation comes back...

Your swing feels smooth...

Your contact feels solid...

Your distance goes up 15 to 25 yards...

Your consistency skyrockets...

You move easier and recover faster...

And that's why you can
play pain-free golf
like you did when you
were younger...

And YOU can do it
for life...

I've seen this kind of
transformation happen on the biggest stages in golf...

And for everyday golfers who swore they were just getting old...

That's why in a moment...

I'll show you this simple,
5-minute daily routine...

That I've found targets stuck
joints at its source...

Naturally, safely, and fast...

So get ready, because what you'll see next...

May completely change the way you think about your flexibility, consistency, and your golf swing...

Forever...

Now look, my journey to
understanding stuck joints didn't start in a research lab or a medical textbook...

It started on a hockey
rink in Calgary...

Where I was chasing my dream of playing in the NHL...

One day, battling our biggest rival, the puck  got loose...

And I went after it...

I was on a breakaway,
skating full speed headed for the net...

When out of nowhere, I
got blindsided...

It felt like I got
slammed by a freight train
into the boards...

My legs collapsed and I
hit the ice...

Sadly, that one hard hit
changed my life forever...

I felt a sharp pain
in my lower back that
never went away...

For more than two years,
I lived with nagging, irritating pain...

Day after day...

Unable to skate, unable to
train, and starting to lose hope...

My doctor told me I'd
probably need surgery by the time I was twenty-five...

So I tried everything to
avoid it...

Physical therapy...

Painkillers...

Stretching...

Ice...

Heat...

Heck, I even tried PEMF treatment...

Nothing worked...

I was out of options...

Until my girlfriend Carol, who's now my wife  of 25 years...

Suggested something I'd never even considered...

She said, "Why don't you
go see my mobility specialist to try and avoid surgery?" I didn't believe in mobility doctors at first...

But when you've been in
agony that long, you'll try
anything...

So I went...

And in three weeks, something happened  that felt impossible...

The stress and strain that
had been controlling my life
for over two years...

Was gone...

Not masked...

Gone!

That's the moment I realized
I didn't want to be
a professional athlete...

I wanted to be a doctor...

But not the doctor who
did the surgeries...

I wanted to be  the doctor who  prevented them...

I wanted to be the
doctor who dials in your
strength, mobility, flexibility, and power for  peak performance...

And I wanted to be
the doctor who does it
naturally...

No matter your age or
physical condition...

Because fact is, THAT'S what
performance doctors are supposed to do for you...

And over the past  two decades...

This mission has taken me
deep into the world of
human performance and sports medicine...

And eventually onto the PGA Tour, the NHL, the NFL,
and even the MLB...

Today, some media outlets claim I'm "The Secret Weapon of the World's  Best Golfers"...

Probably because I've been Scottie Scheffler's performance coach
since he was 14 years old...

Or maybe because I worked with Tiger...

Putting together a 1-year recovery plan after his  spinal fusion…

Helping him win his last
heroic Masters in 2019...

But what does this have
to do with you?

Well, while I'm extremely grateful to have worked with the best athletes  in the world...

I'm even more proud to
have helped more than 50,000 recreational golfers like you...

Take back control of your
game and your life...

And over all these years,
one thing became crystal clear...

They say all roads lead
to Rome, right?

Well, in my world of
peak human performance and sports medicine...

All roads lead to —
the joint...

Because every ache, every stiffness, every yard of lost distance you experience...

Every degree of limited rotation...

Every inconsistency from swing to swing...

It almost always traces back
to the same source...

I've seen it with thousands of golfers...

From weekend players to the best in the world...

So while most people are
talking about swing mechanics or
muscle strength...

I've been studying and obsessing over this invisible force deep inside your joints...

The subtle breakdown silently robbing
even the best athletes of
their power, consistency, and fluidity...

And what I've found is
surprising...

That invisible force is something
happening at the microscopic level...

A biological chain reaction that slowly locks your body down from the inside out...

Something I'll tell you more
about in just a second...

Because once I began to understand this biological breakdown...

Everything I thought  I knew about how the body allows us to swing a golf club...

With rhythm, tempo, and smooth consistent mechanics...

Changed...

And what I've discovered explains exactly what's happening to golfers
everywhere as they age...

Day after day, swing after
swing, round after round...

Which is why, in a moment...

I'll show you the simple
daily routine to help you
maintain and regain lost flexibility...

Restore your smooth, natural swinging
motion...

And unlock a level of
consistency that allows you to play pain-free golf for life...

Because until now, if you've
been struggling with stiff joints, a sore lower back...

Bad knees, tight hips, golfer's elbow, or sore hands that just won't loosen up...

Most doctors and trainers have probably told you one of three things:

First, you should start stretching daily and take something for the pain...

Advil, Aleve, ibuprofen, maybe even prescription anti-inflammatories...

And of course it's easy...

You just pop a pill
and they take the edge
off for a few hours...

But as you know —
they don't actually fix
the underlying problem...

They just silence the signal
your body's using to warn
you that something's wrong...

Like muting your smoke alarm while the fire's  still burning...

But fact is, those pills
come with a hidden price...

Every year, more than 100,000 Americans
end up in the hospital...

From internal bleeding caused by NSAIDs...

And as sad as it is...

Up to 20,000 people die
each year from the side
effects and complications caused by these pills...

But I still see a
lot of golfers rely on
them just to get through
a round...

And that's NOT
a solution...

Because painkillers don't heal your joints...

They just mask the warning
signal your body is sending...

In a moment, I'll show
you what that signal actually means...

And why your body is
right to send it...

Second, when painkillers stop working, many golfers try to "go natural"...

They reach for
joint supplements
like glucosamine, chondroitin, turmeric, collagen powders, and MSM...

Sure, these are natural  and safer...

But here's what most golfers don't know...

Dozens of studies have shown these supplements don't actually help
rebuild or lubricate joints...

Two crucial elements you need to unlock your stuck joints...

In fact, a Harvard review
of nearly 4,000 people found no convincing evidence...

That glucosamine and chondroitin made
any meaningful difference in joint pain or flexibility...

Turns out, researchers even had to end one study early...

Because the people taking G-and-C felt WORSE than those taking the placebo...

And to make matters worse...

An ingredient audit conducted by
the Journal of the American
Medical Association...

Showed more than 90% of
supplements' ingredients don't match what's
promised on the label...

That means golfers end up
wasting hundreds...

Even thousands of dollars a year chasing tiny, temporary improvements...

Which is why in a
second, I'll show you the
real reason none of these
"joint health" products work...

And what your body truly
needs instead...

And, third, when the stretching, band-aid pain killers, and natural
supplements fail you...

Most golfers do what their
doctor recommends next...

You eventually get sent for
cortisone shots, PRP therapy, or hyaluronic acid injections...

For a few weeks, these
might feel like a miracle...

But the latest research tells a different story...

A major study found cortisone injections can actually accelerate cartilage breakdown...

And increase the risk of
rapid joint destruction...

One large analysis found patients who relied on cortisone...

Were 62% more likely to
feel worse than participants who did nothing at all...

And more than that...

In a trial conducted on
tennis elbow by The American Medical Association...

54% of patients
who received a cortisone shot...

Were in worse shape within 12 months...

Than before they  got the shot...

And once those injections stop working for you...

The same doctors start talking about life-altering surgery...

Hip, knee, or shoulder replacements
that cost a fortune...

Take months to recover from...

And still leave as many
as one-third of patients regretting their decision to go under the knife...

I've seen too many golfers
go down that road...

Doing everything they were told...

Just to come out worse
than when they started...

Because fact is, unless you've had a serious traumatic injury and need surgery to maintain
movement...

None of these medical interventions
address what's really happening inside
your joints...

They all ignore the root
cause that's been silently breaking you down from the inside out...

And causing your joints to
get stuck in the first
place...

But before I explain what
that root cause is and
how you can fix it...

You need to understand how a healthy joint is supposed to function when you're swinging
a golf club...

Because have you ever thought about what's happening inside
your body...

That allows you to swing
smooth without muscling it?

See, your joints aren't just
mechanical hinges...

They're a living,  moving system...

Built to absorb swing force,
withstand impact, stay lubricated, and
glide in perfect rhythm...

During your swing,  your cartilage is the soft, shock-absorbing layer
that cushions the impact...

You can think of your
cartilage as a layer of
skin protecting your bones...

When you're young and healthy...

Your cartilage is  smooth like Teflon™...

Absorbing and distributing force so your joints glide instead of grind...

And so you make a
powerful swing that flows with consistent tempo...

At the same time, your joints stay hydrated  with a natural oil called  synovial fluid...

That lubricates the cartilage and keeps every surface slick, smooth, and nourished...

That's what you need to
swing with speed without feeling restricted, stiff, or getting STUCK...

And finally, there's your connective tissue...

These are the ligaments, tendons, and fascia...

That allow your body to
stay elastic...

Support your muscles...

And keep your joints stable...

So you can safely stretch,
hold tension, and release your speed like a slingshot...

That's how you get that
"pop" off the ball when
you flush it with a
square face at impact...

But as you age, your
joint system loses its elasticity...

As the impact of swing
after swing takes a  bigger toll...

Your joints become tighter, can't stretch as far, and don't snap back like they used to...

Fact is, when your joints
are healthy and working properly...

Your swing flows like a
well-oiled machine...

Your rotation feels smooth...

Your tempo feels natural...

Your mechanics work for you from takeaway to follow-through without
tension or strain...

You generate power naturally without
muscling it...

Your consistency goes to another level...

And when your round's over,
you still feel loose, dialed
in, and ready to play
again tomorrow...

However...

When your living joint system starts to  break down...

Everything changes...

Your swing gets stuck...

You lose your glide...

Your flexibility goes out the window...

Your consistency gets spotty...

Your rotation  gets short and tight...

Your tempo gets choppy...

And before long, your swing
that used to feel smooth
and natural...

Starts to feel rough and forced...

Like some invisible control system inside your body is working against you...

Instead of FOR YOU, like
it's supposed to...

So the million-dollar question is...

What leads to this systematic collapse that ultimately causes stuck
joints in so many golfers?

Well, there are the things
you already know...

But one important thing you don't, which I'll share in just a second...

First, with everyday wear and tear, your joints naturally start to lose
their range of motion...

That's just the natural process of getting older...

Second, if you've had a
past injury that didn't heal
properly...

Or scar tissue that built
up over time...

That can put extra strain
on your joints and throw
your whole body out of
rhythm...

And third, of course, we've
also known for years...

The golf swing, and repetitive ball-first impact...

Puts a huge amount of
torque and strain on your joints…

That's why your lower back,
shoulders, hips, hands,
or knees can feel sore and achy after a  long range session...

Or tight when you get
home after a round...

But here's the crazy part...

According to new research out of the University of Western Ontario...

Swinging a golf club breaks down your joints nearly three times more  than running...

Yes, swinging a golf club
causes 3X more impact
on your joints than pounding pavement...

And for decades, even with
access to the top medical
minds and the best research
labs in the world...

I couldn't explain this accelerated systematic breakdown in golfers…

I spent months staying up late, waking up at  3 am to dig for any clue...

Research papers and medical textbooks
stacked on my desk like
skyscrapers...

But it was like looking
for a needle in a haystack...

No matter how hard  I searched,  I couldn't find  the answer...

So I turned to my
colleagues...

The doctors, physical therapists, and even the swing coaches working
with the world's best athletes...

And while I learned a
lot in these conversations and research discussions...

It was clear to me
most doctors never even learn about the causes...

Or consequences of stuck joints in medical school...

And that's why your local
chiropractor, physical therapist, or swing
coach certainly
can't tell you about it...

I even turned to researchers
at places like Harvard & Cambridge...

With the biggest budgets on the planet...

To see if they could
pinpoint exactly why joints begin to "lock up" with age...

Nothing new came up...

Until recently...

Because in 2024, just when
I thought I'd probably go
my entire career without getting a REAL answer…

I stumbled on a  little-known study which validates what I'd suspected for a long time...

And ultimately led me to
discover the real root cause
of stuck joints...

Turns out, your joints don't
just get stuck because of
age, past sports injuries, or
wear and tear...

There's actually an insidious breakdown happening beneath the surface when
you swing a golf club...

Even X-Rays can't detect...

Now, before I take you
deep inside your joints...

And show you exactly what's been plaguing your golf swing for years...

Maybe decades...

I have to warn you...

What you're about to see...

Is NOT pretty...

In fact, it's gnarly...

So if you don't want
to know the REAL reason
you're not as consistent as
you want to be...

Or why you're losing distance every season...

Or why you can't make
a full turn no matter
how much you stretch...

Or especially why swinging a golf club is silently making you  feel older each passing year...

Then now's the time to
leave this presentation...

Because I discovered…  and studies have now confirmed...

When you're swinging  a golf club...

You're causing  MICRO TEARS
in your joint cartilage...

Not crippling tears like a
torn rotator cuff...

But micro-tears like papercuts
that aggravate the hell  out of your joints...

And just like a cut
on your skin scabs over...

These cuts inside your joints
scab over too...

That's why your cartilage, which was once smooth as a
baby's bottom...

Turns into  rough sandpaper...

Yes, the ONE and ONLY
layer of protection God gave
your joints...

Turns from silky-smooth to sandpaper-rough...

But unlike a scab on
the outside that can fall
off and heal...

These crusty scabs are TRAPPED INSIDE your joints...

Which means every time you swing...

These rough, sharp scabs are rubbing, scraping, and cutting your cartilage deeper and deeper...

And your body's natural response to these nasty papercuts...

Is to flood your joints
with tiny protein enzymes called MMPs…

Their job is to remove
these scabs...

So you heal the micro-tears
and keep your joints smooth, lubricated,  and flexible...

But as you get older,
you already know everything takes
longer to heal...

And these scabs inside your
joints are no different...

See, according to the International
OsteoArthritis Society...

The older you get, your
body starts overproducing and unleashing more and more of these MMPs...

To try to keep up
with the biological breakdown...

But here's the  real problem  that shocked me...

MMPs can't tell the difference between healthy and unhealthy cartilage...

Which is why these  tiny problematic proteins
start acting like a  swarm of vicious "termites"...

That ACTUALLY cause  three layers
of systematic breakdown inside your joints...

First, when your  joint's cartilage is torn,  cut, or cracked...

This swarm of joint termites
starts gnawing through your scabbed cartilage AND your healthy cartilage...

Tunneling deeper and deeper until
there's nothing left...

And you're grinding instead of gliding in your swing...

Second, this spawning swarm of MMPs doesn't just eat a layer of your cartilage…

They chew HOLES
all the way through it...

Holes that allow your joints' natural synovial fluid to drain out...

So like an engine with
an oil leak...

Your joints dry out...

And that rough  sandpaper-like surface starts  grinding inside your joint...

Which is why your joints
snap, crackle, and pop like
Rice Crispies in milk when
you move...

What you're hearing is your
joints grinding instead of gliding...

Now, as bad as these
first two phases of the
breakdown are...

This third phase might be the worst...

Because now, that swarm of
MMP termites spreads into your connective tissue...

The tendons, ligaments, and fascia that give you the elasticity to turn, twist, and release your speed...

So like an old rubber band...

They turn your loose, flexible
tissues into dried-out, ragged elastic...

One bad swing away from snapping...

And I'm not telling you
this to scare you...

But rather, because I've discovered a way to stop those problematic MMPs from attacking...

And ultimately unlock your stuck joints in the safest, most natural way possible...

Which I'll show you how
to do in just a minute...

Because as bad as that
systematic breakdown is...

For golfers who swing a
club thousands of times...

When you don't eliminate these MMPs, it can actually get worse...

See, when your body senses
this biological breakdown as a threat...

It immediately triggers a natural, neurological reflex called muscle guarding...

That tells your body "DANGER... STOP MOVING!" Which makes sense...

Of course your body wants
to slam on the brakes...

When you're swinging a golf
club around your cracked, dry, stiff joints at nearly a
hundred miles an hour...

It simply wants to protect
you and keep you safe...

But when your body keeps
slamming on the brakes...

Swing after swing,  round after round,  impact after impact...

Your muscles get  locked down and  never want to release...

Squeezing your joints tight like a vice grip...

Forcing any flexibility or mobility you had left...

Into nagging stiffness...

And you know what happens to  nagging stiffness...

When you keep playing, keep swinging,  keep grinding through the pain each round...

And pushing your joints to the max?

You guessed it...

Stuck joints...

Stuck joints that rob you
of all your flexibility...

Steal your consistency...

And ruin your golf swing
from the inside out...

Your rotation shrinks...

Your tempo disappears...

Your consistency goes out the window...

Suddenly, the smooth, effortless swing
you used to have...

Feels like it's fighting against you...

Because it IS fighting against you...

And that's exactly why I say...

You don't have an aging problem...

You don't have a "bad
genetics" problem...

You don't even have a
wear-and-tear problem like everyone thinks...

You have a stuck joints problem...

Caused by the very enzymes
your body releases to protect you...

So here's the real question...

What if there was a
way to eliminate these destructive MMP enzymes?

Turn off the muscle guarding alarm?

Stop the chain reaction making your joints rough, dry, and stiff?

And naturally keep your joints smooth, hydrated, and flexible...

Restoring that easy, consistent motion
your body is designed for?

That's what this simple at-home daily routine does...

Because I've proven there's only one way to truly deal
with stuck joints...

And unlike the  other things you've tried  to swing smooth instead of stiff...

This scientific approach works with your body…naturally…

To reverse the same biological process that caused your joints
to get stuck in the
first place...

It doesn't just mask the
systematic breakdown… it unwinds the entire stuck-joint sequence...

Step by step, in the exact order  your body needs
to move again...

It could mean waking up
without morning stiffness...

Bending, twisting, and turning again… naturally…

It could mean getting your full swing back… PAIN-FREE!

And playing the kind of
consistent golf you thought you left behind years ago...

No more wincing every time you get out of bed  in the morning…

No more worrying if your
back, hips, or shoulders will
tighten up halfway through your round...

No more cutting your swing short just to avoid that sharp pinch of pain...

That's what you deserve...

And what I've spent decades working to give golfers and athletes of all levels...

Which is why I went
deep looking for real answers...

In places most doctors never even think to look...

And after 2 years of
testing and research… both on Tour and in my clinic...

I discovered a unique combination of three clinical-grade, patented compounds...

That have NEVER been combined in the history of sports medicine...

And when put together...

This mix of natural compounds creates a synergistic, triple-action, flexibility formula...

NEVER been done before...

And quite frankly, when I
saw first-hand what this unique combination of compounds could do
for YOU...

I was pissed off...

Because as a doctor who
has dedicated his life to
PREVENTING surgeries...

I know how invested big
pharmaceutical companies are in prescribing
band-aid solutions...

Until they can "solve" a
problem with surgery...

And don't get me wrong...

When someone has a major
injury, we do have the
best doctors in the world
who perform emergency life-saving surgeries...

But that's not what we're
talking about here...

We're talking about the need for a natural, at-home solution that can unlock stuck joints...

That doesn't require  ANY expensive
prescriptions or operations...

And THAT...  unfortunately, doesn't feed
the medical machine...

That wants to  keep everyone  paying for reactionary pharmaceuticals...

And I know firsthand, with my reputation and career on the line...

The most powerful healing solutions don't come from a prescription bottle...

Nature has given us so
many powerful healing remedies...

Naturally growing on  God's green earth...

Which is why I feel
like I've made the greatest
discovery of my career...

Because I've finally identified a flexibility formula I can give to everyday players like you...

Who want to swing smooth...

…instead of stiff...

Heck, if Tiger walked back
into my clinic tomorrow...

I'd put this triple-action flexibility formula in his bag immediately...

Or if one of my
Dallas Stars players was battling stuck joints...

I'd have him on this
daily dose right away...

And of course,  if world number one  Scottie Scheffler was
showing ANY signs of struggling with consistency...

Or came to me looking
for an extra edge to
close out his career Grand Slam...

I'd recommend this triple action formula to him with everything on the line...

Because this unique combination of
fast-acting compounds...

Works in perfect  synergistic sequence...

To help repair the same
internal breakdown causing your stuck joints...

Your lack of flexibility...

And all the underlying swing flaws quietly robbing your distance...

Throwing off your consistency...

And stealing all your fun
playing this great game...

Meaning, these three specific triple-acting
compounds combined...

Don't just quiet stiffness...

They biologically reverse the entire  stuck-joint process  from the inside out...

And that's why this  flexibility formula is such a  HUGE breakthrough...

And unlike anything I've seen in  natural sports medicine...

Until now...

So let's start by looking
at the first key ingredient
that unlocks your joints...

Doctors in the know call
it the "Mobility Molecule"...

Because in just five days...

This small but mighty compound does what months of stretching,
foam rolling, or icing  never could...

It quiets the muscle guarding alarm caused by the breakdown MMPs  inflict on your joints...

So your body stops slamming on the brakes...

Stops fighting your own movement...

And finally frees up your
flexibility to swing consistently loose,
smooth, and pain-free again...

Without muscling it just to
get the ball in the air...

Now, the key to releasing
your stuck joints so fast
is a compound called AKBA...

It's the most powerful active ingredient found  in the extract of the Boswellia serrata tree...

Now Boswellia is otherwise known as frankincense...

The same sacred resin gifted by one of the wise
men to Jesus...

And used to soothe aching
joints since the days of
the Old Testament...

And here's why this sacred
resin is so powerful...

See, resin is a thick,
sticky secretion that oozes from trees like Boswellia when the bark is broken on the inside...

Acting as the tree's defense
mechanism, sealing and protecting it from insects and infections...

In other words, resin is
nature's healing response...

Which is exactly why it's
so effective at helping your body heal your joints naturally...

Now, the AKBAs found in
this sacred resin perform  a simple but profound job for you...

They defend against the signal telling MMPs to start destroying your joints in the first place...

Almost immediately, your nervous system
gets the message it's  safe to move again...

So your muscles let go
of the guarding reflex...

It's like releasing the parking brake on  your swing…

But there's one big problem...

Standard AKBA is  incredibly hard for your body to absorb...

See, it's fat soluble…
meaning, it doesn't mix  with water...

And since your gut is
mostly water...

AKBA clumps together like oil in water...

Passing through your body without even reaching  your joints...

That's why a family-run research lab spent decades developing a next-generation boswellia extract...

That turns big clumps of
AKBA into tiny droplets your
body can actually absorb...

And carry these  flexibility-restoring droplets
across your gut wall, straight to your joints...

This ultra-potent extract  is called AprèsFlex…

And it's proven in clinical
trials to deliver 52% more
AKBA to your joints than
any other form of Boswellia...

Because unlike generic "Boswellia" you'll find on Amazon, Google, or
GNC...

Our unique triple-action flexibility formula
uses the exact patented version...

In the clinically tested dosages...

Proven to give players the
relief you deserve...

And it's not just me
saying this...

AprèsFlex is backed by multiple gold-standard human trials…

That confirm it shuts off
your muscle guarding alarm...

Improves flexibility...

And reduces your nagging joint aches...

In fact, in one groundbreaking
clinical study...

Participants taking just 100 mg of AprèsFlex...

Improved joint comfort by nearly 15%...

And their flexibility improved by over 16%...

In just 5 days...

By Day 15, total joint
comfort and function were up over 30% from where they started...

And by Day 30, the
transformation was undeniable...

Flexibility increased more than 45%...

And stiffness was  reduced by nearly 50% in just one month...

Proving beyond a doubt AprèsFlex works fast...

Because it turns off your
body's natural alarm system...

That's been slamming on the brakes in your swing...

And robbing you of consistency for years...

And when AprèsFlex shuts off the alarm...

Your body realizes it's safe
to move again...

So instead of feeling stiff
before your round and in
pain after you play...

You start to bend, twist,
turn, and swing loose without feeling locked up...

Now, shutting off your body's joint-locking alarm with AprèsFlex is
just the beginning...

Because like I said, what
makes this triple-action flexibility formula
a world's first...

Is what the unique combination
of ALL THREE active compounds do for you...

In fact, double-blind, randomized, placebo
controlled human trials PROVE:

This next compound increases your
flexibility, joint function, AND range of motion by another 10%...

That's 10% more length, rotation, and speed  in your swing...

With no extra effort...

That means if you swing
100 MPH now...

You could jump  to 110 MPH...

Which translates into  27 free extra yards  without changing any
of your mechanics...

And since I work with
so many recreational players who are losing rotation, speed, and distance  with age...

The effect this  next ingredient
has on your game is huge...

Because it means you can
finally stop searching for a
way to cheat the turn...

And take back some of
the distance you thought Father Time stole from you...

And more than that,  once your muscle guarding alarm is shut off...

This next potent compound can begin fixing what the MMPs destroyed...

Starting with replenishing your joints' natural lubricant — synovial fluid...

Remember, those vicious enzymatic termites
didn't just irritate your joints...

They drained them  desert-dry...

The joint fluid you need
to move safely and comfortably...

Has been leaking out through the holes those enzymes chewed
through your cartilage...

That's why, on most days,
your swing feels stiff...

And with every creak or
crackle you can almost hear
them groaning in agony...

So we must get you
loose and flexible  from the inside out...

And start restoring  that smooth glide in your swing...

To do just that, we
discovered  ExceptionHYAL Jump...

A rare, clinical-grade form of
full-spectrum hyaluronic acid...

That provides your joints with deep, soothing hydration…

And while you might have
heard of hyaluronic acid before...

Because it's the main "ingredient" that creates your synovial fluid...

Unless you're taking full spectrum
hyaluronic acid,  you don't get the full benefits...

See, "full-spectrum"  simply means this
compound mimics the exact same molecule your body naturally produces...

To create free-flowing synovial fluid...

And the way it does
this is fascinating...

It contains all 3 molecular
sizes of hyaluronic acid...

Each one responsible for restoring the thick, shock-absorbing, cooling gel
that coats your cartilage during your swing...

First, the small compounds penetrate deep  into your joint tissue...

And signal your body to make more fresh  synovial fluid...

Second, the medium ones hold water like a sponge to
re-hydrate your joints quickly…

And third, the
large molecules build the  slick, thick cushion that lubricates your joints like a well-oiled machine...

So your bones glide  instead of grind...

But nearly ALL other hyaluronic acids only give you ONE size of  these compounds...

So you only get a
fraction of the benefits...

In fact, until now, if
you live in the US...

You have NEVER
been able to get your hands on this patented form of  full-spectrum hyaluronic acid...

Because at the time of
this recording...

We're the first and ONLY
company to import ExceptionHYAL Jump
from the organic biofermentation farms
of Gerenzano, Italy...

And as revolutionary as I know this is...

Numerous placebo-controlled studies prove ExceptionHYAL Jump doesn't just get your body to make more joint fluid...

It also improves your comfort, while increasing your flexibility, speed, and consistency...

In fact, a double blind
gold standard study shows...

ExceptionHYAL Jump increased relief by
nearly 40 percent
in just eight weeks...

Which is a 520.9% greater
improvement than placebo...

Yes, you heard me right...

More than 5 times greater
relief than the placebo in
just 8 weeks...

Imagine eight weeks from now being able to swing with 5X more comfort and consistency...

What's that going to do
for your golf game?

What's that going to do
for your LIFE on AND
off the course?

And as amazing as AprèsFlex and ExceptionHYAL Jump  are on their own...

They're even more powerful when they're working together...

Because when you  combine the active forces  of both these  restorative compounds...

They create a  synergistic effect
that improves blood flow to
your ligaments, tendons, and fascia...

Feeding your connective tissues the vital nutrients you need to stretch like elastic bands...

And shielding your soft tissues from those vicious chemical MMP
invaders...

That means your swing's connective
tissues soften and relax...

So you can lengthen, stretch, and release your speed without muscling it...

Now as incredible as that
sounds — and IS...

The third and final compound in this triple-action flexibility formula...

Sets the stage for something truly spectacular to happen inside your joints...

Because a recent randomized, double-blind
study found...

It can support turning back
the clock on your joint
flexibility by as much as
ten years — or more...

It's a patented,  clinical-grade "undenatured"
protector protein  called UC-II...

Now, undenatured simply means it's "alive"...

And hasn't been  broken down like the  over-processed proteins used in cheap supplements...

And since UC-II is "alive",
it "talks" to your  immune system...

Which is critical because it's
your immune system that triggers the release of MMPs into your joints...

But unlike the MMP problematic proteins that wreak havoc on your joints...

UC-II is the exact opposite...

Because it's a protector protein...

That convinces your body  to stop sending in swarms of MMPs to attack your joints' healthy cartilage from the inside out...

Preventing the vicious cycle that keeps your joints irritated, swollen, and  locked up...

It commands your body to
stop treating movement  as a threat...

Orders your body to trust
your joints again...

And literally rolls out the
red carpet for your body's
natural repair process...

To help restore your joint's
structure and flexibility...

That's why researchers at the Center for Musculoskeletal Health at UC Davis were stunned by what they saw...

When they tested UC-II against both a placebo — and glucosamine and chondroitin supplements...

Because UC-II improved every single marker of  joint comfort, stiffness,
and mobility they tested...

And the longer people took it, the better the results got...

After just 30 days...

UC-II delivered 16% greater relief...

6% less stiffness...

And nearly 19% better flexibility and function…

By 90 days, the gap
widened even more...

UC-II users saw 29% MORE RELIEF...

23% less stiffness...

And 25% better joint function than those taking glucosamine and
chondroitin...

And by day 180,  just 6 months later,  the long-term results were undeniable...

UC-II outperformed glucosamine and chondroitin again...

Providing an additional 25% greater relief...

23% less stiffness...

And nearly  20% better physical function...

In short, UC-II beat traditional joint supplements at  EVERY stage...

And the longer people took
it, the more it pulled
ahead of the competition...

And supported healthy  joint movement, flexibility, and performance...

So now, you can see
how this unique combination of
ingredients gives you a triple-action formula...

That allows you to move
and SWING freely again —
the way you're meant to...

Because AprèsFlex has  shut down your muscle guarding alarm...

Making your connective tissues become
soft and elastic...

So you can turn and
twist like you did when
you were in your prime...

You've got ExceptionHYAL Jump  hydrating your joint fluid…

So you swing silky smooth
with rhythm and tempo...

And you've got the UC-II
protector protein giving clear instructions
to your immune system...

To STOP those MMPs from
eating your cartilage...

Destroying your swing from the inside out...

Meaning...

You're now ready to experience the full mobility miracle this triple-action flexibility formula gives YOU…

And finally allow your joint
cartilage to do what God
designed it to do: Twist.
Turn. Rotate. And swing smooth instead of stiff...

Now I don't know  about you...

But in my 25 years
of sports medicine...

I've never seen any combination of natural ingredients do anything
close to what this formula
has the power to do
for you...

So realize, my research team
at Performance Golf and I
perfected this flexibility formulation...

With the precise balance and combination of ingredients to  unlock stuck joints...

But we faced two critical challenges...

First, finding a manufacturing partner
who could exceed my standards...

Because even the  best ingredients
in the world won't work
if they're made in a
facility that cuts corners...

So we searched for partners
with the highest reputation in the industry...

Ones trusted by elite sports
medicine brands and professional athletes
worldwide...

That's when we found Lonza...

The Swiss gold standard in clinical nutrition,  founded in 1897...

Operating 30+ sites across five continents...

And trusted by Formula One
teams and elite performance brands worldwide...

Unlike typical suppliers, Lonza conducts
rigorous clinical trials  on UC-II for purity, potency, and consistency...

So that solved our first challenge...

Second, we had to find
a U.S. manufacturing partner...

Who could precisely formulate and
combine our three breakthrough ingredients...

ApresFlex, UC-II from Lonza, and ExceptionHYAL Jump imported from the
hills of Gerenzano, Italy...

Which by the way, was no easy task...

Because at the time of
this presentation...

We are the FIRST company
to bring the patented,  full-spectrum
hyaluronic acid ExceptionHYAL Jump to the United States...

That's where Eagle Labs
came in...

A cGMP-certified facility right here in the U.S...

We visited their  facilities personally...

Met the team face-to-face...

And verified they could formulate these world-class ingredients to my exact specifications without compromise...

And I say my standards
because this formula has to
pass the National Sports Federation-certification...

So I'm able to recommend
it to my Tour professionals
and elite athletes...

No shortcuts...

No compromises...

And I'm proud to say,
these two partnerships have produced something truly special in the world of sports medicine...

Introducing:  SwingSmooth Pro

The world's first  triple-action  flexibility-enhancing formula...

Built with the same precision
I use in my Tour-level
performance program...

SwingSmooth Pro doesn't just shut
off the swarm of MMPs...

It actively helps  release stuck joints...

And sets you up to
perform like you did  in your prime…

It works like a biological
Benjamin Button  turning back the clock  on your swing from  the inside out...

Soothing your rough, grinding cartilage so you can swing smooth again...

Re-hydrating your  synovial fluid naturally
with every swing...

And softening your connective tissues so they  stay supple and elastic...

So your joints don't "pop"
and fight your swing anymore...

Instead, they fuel it...

And here's what I think
is the coolest part...

Normally, if you wanted to
get this level of potent
support for your joints...

You'd need to take these
compounds separately...

Which would mean  choking down 3, 4, maybe even 5 horse pills each day...

That is IF you can
somehow get your hands  on them...

But since SwingSmooth Pro uses the purest, most highly-concentrated form
of each of these compounds...

We were able to get
everything into just ONE, tiny, easy-to-swallow pill…

Which means, inside  every daily dose of SwingSmooth Pro...

You're getting three clinically-tested compounds...

At the exact proven doses
that shut down MMPs, unlock stuck joints, and  help restore healthy, youthful flexibility...

First, you're getting 100 mg of AprèsFlex...

Which silences the alarm inside your joints...

So you can start to experience the  freedom of flexibility  in as little as 5 days...

Which means,  after just 5 short days...

You could feel less tight
and sore in the mornings
before you tee off...

And you'll start to  feel the flexibility you  need to make a smooth, consistent swing…

Without worrying about locking-up when
you let it rip...

Next, you're getting  200 mg of  ExceptionHYAL Jump
power…

The exact clinically-tested dosage...

Of the patented  full-spectrum
hyaluronic acid...

That helps re-hydrate and lubricate your joints to keep them gliding instead of grinding...

Because after  just eight weeks...

Golfers in clinical studies saw up to a 10% increase
in flexibility...

Which could mean gaining roughly 10 miles per hour
of raw swing speed...

Up to 27 yards more
distance off the tee...

And for sure,  a heck of a lot more fun
on the course...

Finally, in every dose, you're
getting 40 mg of the
"protector protein" UC-II...

That supports your  immune system...

And helps protect against the swarm of MMP termites eating your cartilage...

Together, these triple-acting compounds don't
just relieve stiffness...

They give you a  new lease on life…

Restoring the smooth, cushioned motion
you had in your prime
— on and off the
golf course...

Because within six months, some scientists believe, based on their  clinical testing...

You could fully restore young joints that twist, turn, and rotate like  they used to...

That means...

Five days to feel relief
and free your body from
nagging aches and stiffness...

Eight weeks to move fluidly
like a well-oiled machine...

Six months to rebuild your
swing from the inside out...

And reactivate the  effortless, smooth,
consistent swing you thought was
gone forever...

All from one small dose
of SwingSmooth Pro you can take each morning as you sip your coffee...

And I don't want you to just take my word for it...

Because our team also conducted
an in-house 90-day rotational swing
experiment...

Where we measured golfers' swings before taking SwingSmooth Pro...

Then after 5 days...

After 30 days...

And 60 days...

And while results may vary...

100% of these testers
in our group documented incredible results:  On average, participants added 10 degrees of increased rotation
in the backswing...

Dialed up their swing speeds more than  8 miles per hour...

And almost all said they
started generating more  full swing distance...

With better consistency and less effort...

And since I first discovered
this triple-acting  flexibility formula...

SwingSmooth Pro has helped dozens
more golfers get the relief
they've been praying for...

Just imagine...

Your once-stuck joints are now unlocked, free, flexible, and primed to  play your best golf...

You move the way you're
supposed to...

You make a full, long
rotation easily...

And most important...

You make a repeatable, SMOOTH swing that delivers consistent contact,
more accuracy, and  more power than you've felt in years...

Simply put,  SwingSmooth Pro puts
you back in control of
your life and your game...

Without worrying about your age, stiffness, or  lack of flexibility
in the back of your mind...

So by now, you can
see I take great pride
in my reputation as golf's
leading performance doctor...

And I would only ever
attach my name to a
product because  I 100% believe in it…

I personally oversaw  every stage of formulation and testing...

I made sure we source
only the best ingredients...

Produce SwingSmooth Pro in GMP-approved U.S. facilities…

And test our batches through independent, clinically-approved labs for purity and potency...

All 3 ingredients are patented, trademarked,  or both…

And they're clinically tested and proven to work…

That's why every bottle that
leaves our lab carries my
full confidence...

And while quality like this
doesn't come cheap...

When you compare the price of SwingSmooth Pro with the dozens of outdated, generic joint
formulas that give you little
to no real relief…

It seems like a bargain...

So think about it:  How much would it be worth to you to wake up
each day feeling loose, mobile, and ready to attack the course?

To swing smoothly and freely without worrying about your body
locking up mid-round?

To walk off 18 energized
instead of sore...

Knowing your healthy joints are working for you again, not against you?

How much is having the
freedom of flexibility to enjoy rounds with your kids...

And keep up with your
grandkids worth to you?

$200?

$300?

$500?

Heck, potentially avoiding the prescription
and surgery costs alone...

Could save you tens if
not hundreds of thousands of dollars over your lifetime...

Plus, aside from the financial cost, there's  a huge human cost...

When your joints stiffen and
flexibility breaks down...

It doesn't just hurt your
golf swing — it affects
every part of your life...

Turns out, Harvard found stiffness and swelling are linked to poor movement, faster aging, loss of strength, weight gain...

And even accelerated wear and tear in your back, hips,
knees, and spine...

Bottom line is...

You can't put a price
on your health...

And the freedom to move,
play, and live without your
body holding you back...

That's why many of my
trusted colleagues have suggested this formula would be an incredible
value even at $500.00…

However, since my mission with SwingSmooth Pro is to help the golfers  who can't come see me in person at my Dallas clinic...

We cut out all middlemen
and made it available only
through this website...

That's how we're able  to make our product  ultra-premium AND
pass the savings on to you...

Which means you  don't need to invest $500 to get your hands on this breakthrough
flexibility formula...

In fact, you don't need
to invest $200…

…or even $100...

Because you've made it this
far into the presentation...

And you've proved  you're serious about unlocking your body's natural flexibility...

I want to let you
try this first of its kind flexibility-enhancing formula at a special price available only on
this page...

So here's the deal:  The first responders
will receive a 30-day supply
of SwingSmooth Pro for  ONLY $69...

All I ask in return
is once you experience your
free, powerful swing again...

You send us your SwingSmooth
success story...

And this is the only
place you'll find SwingSmooth Pro
at such a low price...

Because once this  initial batch is gone,  the price shoots  up to $99.00…

But here's the best part...

While many users report  (AND the clinical evidence shows) noticeable relief in as little as five days…

The incredible thing about this formula is the long-term effects...

Because when you take these ingredients consistently...

They are clinically proven to
have a "compounding" effect in your body...

Soothing stiffness,  re-hydrating your joints,
and restoring your flexibility from the inside out...

That means, the longer  you take SwingSmooth Pro, the better you feel...

Think of it like  compound interest...

Every morning you take SwingSmooth Pro, you're depositing money into your body's  bank account...

And over time the balance keeps growing...

At first, a little at a time...

…then faster and faster...

Before you know it,  you're sitting on a  nice little nest egg...

Well, the same thing happens with your joints...

Each time you invest in
your health by taking SwingSmooth Pro...

You feel a bit better
every time you pull out
your clubs...

You start going for greens
you were once forced to
lay up to...

Your rhythm and tempo  feel smooth...

…and natural...

And as you continue taking
SwingSmooth Pro daily and staying active...

Your consistency improves exponentially...

Next thing you know,  you're sending us an email raving about your results  on the course...

Just like Don French Sr.
from Boca Raton, Florida, who sent us a text saying:

"My doc's been telling me I need surgery for 3 years because working construction had my joints grinding… And I was starting to believe him… Until I started taking SwingSmooth Pro… Now I'm playing 3 or 4 times a week… Walking a full 18 at least two of those rounds… And I'm loving my game again."

Now, considering our most
successful customers like Don take SwingSmooth Pro month after month...

To get the full  flexibility-enhancing
and swing improving benefits...

I'd like to offer you
the same opportunity when you stock up on more than
one bottle today...

Because not only do you
pay less per bottle...

You also have enough time
to truly unlock your swing
from the inside...

Giving you back that extra
25-plus yards you've lost over the years...

Dialing in your rhythm and tempo...

…instead of fighting your stiff swing...

And ultimately,  unleashing a level of consistency in  your game you probably can't even imagine  right now...

That's why I strongly recommend all my new patients to grab one of our most popular packages...

Either the three-bottle option, which saves you  an extra $30.00…

Bringing your cost down  to ONLY $59 per bottle,  with FREE SHIPPING…

Or the total transformation package of six bottles...

Which saves you an  extra $120.00!

And brings each bottle down to ONLY $49…

Because remember,  when you take a dose daily of SwingSmooth Pro  for just 6-months…

You give your body  the time it needs to  rebuild your swing from the inside...

So you can play golf
as much as you want...

Knowing your healthy joints are primed to swing smooth and swing safe…

For as long as you
play this great game...

Think about it: that's about
$1.63 a day
to move better, play better,
and feel younger...

Which is why,  when you do the math...

Grabbing the total transformation package
really makes the most sense...

Especially since, the only way to get SwingSmooth Pro  for this incredible price is right here on this page...

And even more than that,
as you'll see in just
a second...

You don't even need to
make a final buying decision right now...

Just say "maybe," and we'll
give you a full 180 days to test it out for yourself...

However, this $49 price  is not guaranteed  beyond today...

Because you and I both know global delays and tariffs have caused some chaos lately...

Not to mention the fact
the supply is limited for
each of these premium ingredients...

So, I urge you to
stock up now for  maximum savings...

The last thing I want
is for my tour players
to start taking and posting
about SwingSmooth Pro, making it go viral...

And then you come back
later and see higher prices...

Or worse, find out SwingSmooth Pro  is out of stock…

In which case, you'll be
waiting for our next batch
to be ready before  you're able to try it...

That's why the best players
taking SwingSmooth Pro grab six bottles at a time...

So you can restore your
flexibility, reclaim your consistency, and start swinging smooth instead  of stiff for years to come...

So if you truly want
to secure the most savings
and guarantee your supply, now's the time...

And since you've made it
this far — we reserved
your order for you...

But if you leave this
page, it may be given
to one of the other
hundreds of thousands of golfers who are seeing this video right now...

So don't spend another day
battling stiffness, soreness, or limited range of motion on the course...

When the solution is right
here in front of you...

Claim your discount  and choose your flexibility-enhancing package below,  right now...

Now, even though these compounds are clinically proven with thousands
of participants...

And even though I personally managed the SwingSmooth Pro case
study with dozens of golfers...

If you're still skeptical,  I completely understand...

Many of my patients tell
me they've been burned by
cheap, knock-off joint supplements before...

So while the overwhelming majority of golfers who try SwingSmooth Pro are absolutely blown away
by the results...

And feel a noticeably smoother, more consistent swing in just a few days...

When you order today, you're protected by our industry-leading 180-day
"Triple-Action-Guarantee"...

Here's how it works...

First, at any time in
the next 180 days for  ANY reason, or  no reason at all...

You can simply call or
email our friendly,  U.S.-based customer
success team...

And we'll give you a
full, hassle-free refund — no questions asked...

Second, you don't even need to plan a trip to
the post office...

Because you can keep your
unused bottles...

And third, you either get
the same incredible benefits I'm personally getting from  SwingSmooth Pro...

Or I'll give you a
free copy of my new
Golf Muscle Mobility program...

Which contains the same workouts I've been giving to guys like Scottie...

Modified for older players to
help you stay flexible...

Because, fact is, your flexibility, your mobility, and your freedom to play
and LIVE your best life… IS my mission...

So that's our  iron-clad Triple-Action
Guarantee, based entirely on your satisfaction...

Because as a doctor with
over 25 years experience...

It wouldn't feel right keeping your money...

Unless you experience every benefit you deserve...

And truly restore your freedom to move and play this great game...

So I insisted we have
the best guarantee  in the industry...

That also means you don't
even need to make a
decision right now...

Just say "maybe," and  you have a full 180 days
to test it out for yourself…

That's how confident I am
in this formula...

And how serious I am
about helping golfers unlock their bodies again...

Because SwingSmooth Pro either helps you feel freer, looser, and more consistent on the course...

Or I INSIST you send
us a message for your refund...

Meaning...

You'll have gotten to  try this revolutionary new flexibility formula
absolutely free...

So go ahead and click the button below...

Select your money-saving package...

And experience everything I've talked about  100% RISK-FREE,  right now...

In fact, the only risk
you could possibly face...

Is missing out on this
life-changing flexibility breakthrough when you
had the chance...

Now, if SwingSmooth Pro is still in stock...

The order page will appear
and you can enter your
information...

If not, you can add
yourself to the waiting list...

And we'll notify you as
soon as new inventory clears testing...

But keep in mind the
price will likely be back
to its retail value...

So remember, you'll  save the most money when you choose the  3- or 6-bottle  multi-pack options...

Plus, you'll have plenty  on-hand for the next  several months… and  never risk running out...

Your order form is fully
protected, using the latest 256-bit SSL encryption for total privacy & protection…

It's the same security standard used by  Apple and Amazon…

Just enter your order information...

And we'll rush a fresh
supply of SwingSmooth Pro straight to your doorstep...

In discreet packaging so your playing partners don't even know what hit 'em...

Or, if you prefer to
order by phone...

Just dial 1-800-523-5760
and tell the friendly agent
who answers you want  the SwingSmooth Pro  "triple action offer"...

Our team has been instructed to prioritize  your order and help you choose the best package for your needs...

But please note:  This offer is in  extremely  HIGH DEMAND…

So, if the lines are
busy, please try again...

And look, if you're still
on the fence at this point...

I'd like to ask you
to do me one  last small favor...

Take a moment to imagine
what will happen if you decide not to take action today…

For instance, you may decide to keep looking around at various options...

This decision-making process can drag on for weeks or even months…

But while you think you're being thorough, carefully considering all your choices...

In the meantime,  your joints...

…and the consistency of your swing, will continue going downhill...

Believe me, I've seen far
too many players who are
desperate for any solution besides surgery...

Come to me for advice
and disappear for months...

Before finally returning with their problem even worse...

Because deep down, they just couldn't pull the trigger on taking action...

Maybe you're hesitant to make a change...

Or maybe you're secretly hoping it will somehow get better on its own...

Whatever the reason,  I can assure you...

Letting more time pass is
not a solution...

In fact, it's the  opposite of one...

Because every day that goes
by, your stuck joints could
become weaker...

And the aches  could get worse...

And when your body is
constantly hurting...

Stopping you from doing all
the things you once could...

It can make you feel
too old to play this
great game...

You may continue to feel
restricted in your swing...

And restricted in your life
having to pick and choose
the activities you can and
cannot do...

Instead, now is your opportunity to have the freedom of flexibility...

To enjoy 18 holes multiple
times each week without worrying about your body failing you...

And to experience the peace of mind that comes when you realize...

You're no longer even thinking about your  achy joints...

You see, when you're not
worrying about a problem that's been nagging you  for years...

Or maybe even slowly creeping up on you  for decades...

It's not just your joints
that get unlocked...

Your mind is also freed
up to think about  other things...

And experience golf …and life… in a way
that's been eluding you for
who knows how long...

It's like realizing a headache
you had for days is
finally gone...

Simply put, you are now
a happier person...

In the end, that's the
reason I became a doctor
in the first place...

Because there's nothing more rewarding than seeing what happens to people...

When you help them achieve the health, happiness, and consistently good golf  YOU deserve...

So please, don't miss out...

Click the button below to try SwingSmooth Pro  for yourself right now...

In as little as 5 days,  you could be swinging
smooth instead of stiff...

I know that's the reality
you've been longing for...

And you may never forgive
yourself if you let this
opportunity slip through your fingers...

So just go ahead and
choose your money-saving package below...

And take advantage  of today's
100% risk-free opportunity...

And remember,  with our 180-day
Triple-Action guarantee...

You either get your swing (and your life back) and  start playing pain-free golf...

Or we'll give you every penny back...

Let you keep your supply...

And I'll send you my
exclusive Golf Muscle Mobility program
for FREE...

That's how confident I am… because I've seen this
formula change lives,  from the inside out...

It's that simple...

Claim your supply of SwingSmooth Pro below...

And we'll rush your order
straight to your doorstep...

I'm Dr. Troy Van Biezen...

Thank you for watching...

I can't wait to hear
your SwingSmooth Success story...
